how's it going heroes today we're gonna
play a game called sanic Paul and I have
no idea what this game is now I just
know it's about Sonic and Bowles so
let's use the awesome most epic name
ever okay and that is our name because
we're the best right we are the absolute
best at sanicball huge cuz we're awesome
alright remember day okay that is our
name Chris yes I'm serious is it not
Sega Sainik team oh man holy shit
Oh God sanic space is like air my god
where's all the rings I need the Rings
give me the Rings Oh what the hell is
that knuckles no his nickels
I don't recall them nickels or something
like that alright so WASD to go fast
shift break fast space to jump fast the
fuck really tails he's like an old
animation like alright backspace to
respawn fast alright
oh god Amy Jesus Christ all right let's
start the fucking race okay uh what the
hell we're doing all right yeah let's
pick sanic let's continue hooker sanic
let's do this on your marks
ready seddie get set go faster you would
say that
alright let's do this shit holy shit
this actually has like oh god this is a
decent layout for the freakin map all
right we got to go fast we have to go
fast okay we jump with space I see I see
trying to remember everything I don't
know about ship I think that's a break
god dammit alright so we gotta be Amy
Amy's being a dick you see all our all
the way up up front okay okay we don't
know no Amy smoking oh why is she going
so quickly god damn it Amy you're
supposed to be the most retarded slow
character there is Arie I'm so I'm just
sorry I'm just kidding I'm sorry I'm
just kidding Amy you're awesome and
you're so pretty alright I was kidding
about that too
all right let's go oh he fell off the
side with a bitch he's pick oh wait
there was a me who the hell's up front
now I see tails is in the lead Oh what
the hell get out of here shadow you
freaking bastard
thank you you faker Oh God Oh God
go be careful this is reminding me of
frickin what is it Sonic are where your
freaking got the best soundtrack into
the Sun Chad had it Caturday
don't you feel that sometimes you should
just stop making games yeah let's go who
the fuck is in front
who's the sky this is purple guy why
does he think he's so fast you're not as
fast as st. ksanych is fucking fastest
tits man and guess tits are fast I don't
know why they're fast come on snap it up
alright
lap two oh my god oh my god don't die
okay okay we're good we're good we got
to catch up if they don't catch up we
might be mustard so that would be bad
mustard Rizal you know sourish and
strong and ketchup is nice and sweet so
we want to be sweet right we don't want
to be a dick so let's go get sketch
ketchup gotta go fast all right who's up
front who's up front
we still got the purple dick in front
why is purple dick up in front what does
he think he is red dick he's not red
dick he's purple dick get out of here
get out of here with that shit man oh my
god oh my god oh my god Sonic and slim
sanic can't swim okay good good good
what is where's the boost on this shit
man where is the boost we where's the
power-ups I knew throw like some fucking
eggshells at these guys Terrell coopered
dukka dukka shells alright go go go
who's up front
are we in first I don't even know over
second god damn it first is where second
the best right all right now we want to
get first like that that rule is kind of
just like no not right now
all right fourth fourth there's nothing
even to say four fourth we're just bad
all right third over that's pretty good
third time's a charm now with all the
work first holy shit alright gotta go
gotta go gotta go fast ah man why the
fuck does he get so fast only sane it
can be fast tails get the hell out of
here you minor character or is that no
that's that's not gold sorry that's not
frickin negasonic supersonic speed
yeah alright come on come on race finish
it says race finished left two of to it
wait wait if the race is finished and
why are we still going we got to go fast
extra fast because we're fucking sanic
you meet with
we there's no there's no brakes on the
scenic train goddammit we can never stop
now we're gonna go around the world
anytime still keep going oh we got
ourselves into this mess why didn't we
know this from the start and that was my
trap all along the game creator says god
dammit alright well that was a fun sanic
sanic speed race that was awesome we
actually won that on our first attempt
because we're fucking awesome right
we're MLG what is our name again I don't
even want to look at it because it's
self-explanatory look at us and we
already know we're the best what the
fuck ah that that just happened anyways
I hope you guys enjoyed if you did
please leave like it definitely helps me
out arrows and if you haven't already
hit that subscribe button become a hero
today
holy shit though this map is they
amazing I love being a little sonic ball
they need to get samus up in this piece
so she can race their asses and see who
wins anyway some heroes stay awesome and
I will see you in the next Sadek speed
race yeah whatever we do next
what is this shit can I go in this ring
come on step it up oh oh my god oh my
god where you are where you work I'm on
a boat bitch I'm on a boat ah
Sainik can't swim I just use his legs
like a frickin speed fan behind him just
freakin propel himself oh oh wait he has
no legs goddamnit
we gotta go fast extra fast cuz we're
fuckin saying it to me with me there's
no there's no breaks on the sanic train
come on step it up Oh supersonic speed
yeah oh my god
where's all the Rings I need the Rings
give me the Rings